docs(support): jira changes (#434)
camunda/camunda-docs-static: enterprise/content/support.md

Based on the agreed SLA (Service Level Agreement), you can contact our support service with your questions, wishes and problems.
To create a new support issue, follow the instructions below. To shorten the processing time, please provide us with as much information as possible.

* Go to our [JIRA support system](https://jira.camunda.com/projects/SUPPORT/queues)
* Select `Camunda Enterprise Support`
{{< img src="../img/jira-support-issue.png" title="Create Support Issue" >}}
* Choose the desired [issue type]({{< relref "#issue-types" >}}).
{{< img src="../img/jira-select-issue-type.png" title="Select Issue Type" >}}

> * Help Request page looks like as follows:

Reviewer: 🔧 I would either say "looks like this" or "looks as follows" but not "looks like as follows".

```suggestion
* Help Request page looks as follows:
```

{{< img src="../img/jira-help-request-create-issue.png" title="Create Bug Report" >}}

> * Bug Report page looks like as follows:

Reviewer: 🔧 I would either say "looks like this" or "looks as follows" but not "looks like as follows".

```suggestion
* Bug Report page looks like as follows:
```

{{< img src="../img/jira-bug-report-create-issue.png" title="Create Bug Report" >}}

> * Give the ticket a meaningful **summary**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide a meaningful **summary** to the ticket.
```

> * You can give your ticket a [**priority**]({{< relref "#priority-level" >}}) depending on the impact of an issue on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can assign a [**priority**]({{< relref "#priority-level" >}}) to your ticket, depending on the impact an issue causes on your system.
```

* Provide us with a date in case of important **deadlines** that need to be reached.

> * Enter a detailed **description** of your issue. Make use of the provided template in the description filed (Reproduce steps, Problem, Expected behavior, etc.). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter a detailed **description** of your issue. Use the provided template in the description field (Steps to reproduce, Problem, Expected behavior, etc.). 
```

* **Attachments** like screenshots, log files, stack traces or BPMN files help us to find and reproduce your bug faster. If possible provide log files and stack traces as plain text file.
* For bug reports and help requests, it is important to know which **environment** you use. Inform us about the used Camunda version, application server, database and everything else that seems to be important for your issue.

> # Changes in  JIRA 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changes in  JIRA 
```

* UI(User Interface) looks different
* For traceability reasons, comments will not be editable and uploaded attachments can not be deleted. You can request an assigned support agent to update/delete if needed.
* Comments will appear in reverse chronological order (newest on top)

> * Priority, Description and Environment will be editable via “Edit” link on the right side of the page

Reviewer: 🔧 According to our writing best practices, we highlight UI elements with bold formatting.
```suggestion
* Priority, Description and Environment will be editable via the **Edit** link on the right side of the page
```

> * You might need to refresh the page in case any of the standard fields (Assignee, Priority etc.) are not displayed immediately after creating the ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You might need to refresh the page if any standard fields (Assignee, Priority, etc.) are not displayed immediately after creating the ticket.
```
